Journal/week2.md, before:

# Week 2 July 19 2017

It has taken 2 hours to get the Markdown and basic Apple OS, Xcode, Terminal, Github, navigation and usability up to standard.  

Sorted how to use speach to read iBook to me.  

Reading about Variables and Constants.  My previous programming I have worked with these terminologys in C# Programming it is helpful to have this understanding.

--- (to create a solid line)
-------------------------------------------

# Friday 20th Week 2 Constants, Variables

It was difficult to remember I was using Xcode not the visual studio markdown and git.  Will need to be refreashed.  Read through to 1.3.

I could not get the code right as time constraints after reading chapter and fustratingly fumbling through the new OS navigation and Xcode.  I thought previewer wouild open xcode, but that is playgound.  Very unsatisfying feel like this has been as waste of 50 minutes as I run out of time and have not completed the tasks.  

# Unit test 7/7 for the constants, variables, type constructsx, type inference

----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Journal entry for week 3, getting started file structure learning Xcode.

Journal/week2.md, after:

# Week 2 July 19 2017

It has taken 2 hours to get the Markdown and basic Apple OS, Xcode, Terminal, Github, navigation and usability up to standard.  

Sorted how to use speach to read iBook to me.  

Reading about Variables and Constants.  My previous programming I have worked with these terminologys in C# Programming it is helpful to have this understanding.

--- (to create a solid line)
-------------------------------------------

# Friday 20th Week 2 Constants, Variables

It was difficult to remember I was using Xcode not the visual studio markdown and git.  Will need to be refreashed.  Read through to 1.3.

I could not get the code right as time constraints after reading chapter and fustratingly fumbling through the new OS navigation and Xcode.  I thought previewer wouild open xcode, but that is playgound.  Very unsatisfying feel like this has been as waste of 50 minutes as I run out of time and have not completed the tasks.  

# Unit test 7/7 for the constants, variables, type constructsx, type inference

------------------------------------------- 

# Week 3 July 27 2017

My previous knowledge of C# hass made the learning of variables, constants, operators, if else statements, switch statements, are all very familiar to me. 

The Xcode Lesson 1.5 is very interesting to me how to sue and get the most out of Xcode.  Debugging, running app, simulator all familiar concepts to me. 

In class we learned about JavaScript change to using var and let so I had a moment of confusion asking teacher if let was a constant even though he stated it wasnt and it did not go with the context.  

I created a pages document, blank at this stage so i can add any documentation that interests me from the labs.  

Interface builder basics Story boardds is where I am up to page 79.

Two weeks have to have assessment report done and jquery worksheet. Which will equal Unit 5 of this iBook.

Did not have class yesterday sop took me 4 hours thus far this week (2hours working through ibook at home no Xcode available, just reading the book and taking notes, writing steps to follow)

----------------------------------------- (to create a solid line)
